THREESCALE-10500 enable hpa for backend listener, worker and apicast production (#901)
3scale/3scale-operator: doc/operator-user-guide.md

        listenerSpec:
            priorityClassName: openshift-user-critical
```
#### Setting Horizontal Pod Autoscaling 
Horizontal Pod Autoscaling(HPA) is available for Apicast-production, Backend-listener and Backend-worker. The backend
components require Redis running [async mode](https://github.com/3scale/apisonator/blob/master/docs/openshift_horizontal_scaling.md#async). 

> Async is enabled by default by the operator provide you aren't [logical Redis databases](https://github.com/3scale/apisonator/blob/master/docs/openshift_horizontal_scaling.md#redis-databases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Async is enabled by default by the operator provided you aren't using [logical Redis databases](https://github.com/3scale/apisonator/blob/master/docs/openshift_horizontal_scaling.md#redis-databases).
```

> If you are not running in Async mode they you won't be able to enable HPA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not running in Async mode you won't be able to enable HPA.
```

Author: done

      resource: 
        name: cpu
        target: 
          averageUtilization: 90
          type: Utilization
    - type: Resource
      resource: 
        name: memory
        target: 
          averageUtilization: 90
          type: Utilization
```
Here is an example of the APIManager CR set with backend-worker, backend-listener and apicast-production set to default 
HPA values e.g.
```yaml
apiVersion: apps.3scale.net/v1alpha1
kind: APIManager
metadata:
    name: example-apimanager
spec:
    wildcardDomain: example.com
    resourceRequirementsEnabled: false
    apicast:
        productionSpec:
          hpa:
            enabled: true
    backend:
        listenerSpec:
          hpa:
            enabled: true
        workerSpec:
          hpa:
            enabled: true
```
Removing hpa field or setting enabled to false will remove the HPA for the component. 
Once `enabled: true` you can manually edit the HPA instances that are created to optimize your [configuration](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/horizontal-pod-autoscale/). 

Alternatively you can set the HPA configuration in the APIManager CR. this will override the defaults. With this change 

> you are enabling sync with the values in the APIManager CR and it will be the owner of the HPA created. That is if you 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you are enabling syncing of the values between the APIManager CR and HPA CRs. APIManager will be the source of truth for the HPA created. That is if you 
```
